CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

*Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.*

In the spirit of [free software][free-sw], **everyone** is encouraged to help improve this project. Here are some ways *you* can contribute:

* by using alpha, beta, and prerelease versions
* by reporting bugs
* by suggesting new features
* by writing or editing documentation
* by writing specifications
* by writing code (**no patch is too small** : fix typos, add comments, clean up inconsistent whitespace)
* by refactoring code
* by closing [issues][]
* by reviewing patches

## Submitting an Issue
We use the [GitHub issue tracker][issues] to track bugs and features. Before submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't already been submitted. When submitting a bug report, please include a [Gist][] that includes a stack trace and any details that may be necessary to reproduce the bug, including your gem version, Ruby version, and operating system. Ideally, a bug report should include a pull request with failing specs.

## Submitting a Pull Request
1. [Fork the repository.][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch.][branch]
3. Implement your feature or bug fix.
4. Add, commit, and push your changes.
5. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

This file was taken from https://github.com/middleman/middleman-heroku/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

[free-sw]: http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html
[issues]: https://github.com/codeship/scripts/issues
[gist]: https://gist.github.com/
[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

Commit message:

Update Contributing.md for when not to submit an issue

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

*Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.*

In the spirit of [free software][free-sw], **everyone** is encouraged to help improve this project. Here are some ways *you* can contribute:

* by using alpha, beta, and prerelease versions
* by reporting bugs
* by suggesting new features
* by writing or editing documentation
* by writing specifications
* by writing code (**no patch is too small** : fix typos, add comments, clean up inconsistent whitespace)
* by refactoring code
* by closing [issues][]
* by reviewing patches

## Submitting an Issue
We use the [GitHub issue tracker][issues] to track bugs and features. Before submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't already been submitted. When submitting a bug report, please include a [Gist][] that includes a stack trace and any details that may be necessary to reproduce the bug, including your gem version, Ruby version, and operating system. Ideally, a bug report should include a pull request with failing specs.

## Submitting a Pull Request
1. [Fork the repository.][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch.][branch]
3. Implement your feature or bug fix.
4. Add, commit, and push your changes.
5. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

## When not to submit an issue

Please don't create new issues on this repository when you experience issues with your builds on https://codeship.com, want to request new features for the CI system or have general questions on how to use https://codeship.com for your projects.

In all of the above cases, reach out to our support team at [support@codeship.com](mailto:support@codeship.com) or on Twitter at [@CodeshipSupport](https://twitter.com/CodeshipSupport). See "[Getting Support](SUPPORT.md)" for more information.

*This file was taken from https://github.com/middleman/middleman-heroku/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md and extended for use with this Codeship repository.*

[free-sw]: http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html
[issues]: https://github.com/codeship/scripts/issues
[gist]: https://gist.github.com/
[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/
